{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid502\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11940\viewh21300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2015 Workshop Videos\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Finish consent form workflow on nips.cc for Workshops. This was the last bit of unfinished code from last year. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Clean up workshop videos and fix speaker misspellings and room number errors\
{\listtext	\'95	}Gather consent signatures for all videos and PDF's over a period of a month. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Upload workshop videos to Google. Google deprecated the API I used last year to automate the upload process, so I had to re-write the uploader from scratch. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Allow the organizers to preview \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Workshops for 2016\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Restructured the database to support for nested schedules. Now we can host a workshop's schedule inside our own schedule going forward.\
{\listtext	\'95	}I manually keyed in the schedules for each 2015 workshop and used that information to automate the uploading of workshop videos to youtube in the youtube video uploader mentioned above. \
{\listtext	\'95	}I merged the Symposia and Workshop applications together at the request of Ralf Herbrich. We updated the workshop application to address changes in the meeting location and format. \
{\listtext	\'95	}I created a Tutorials Application at the request of Hannah and Joelle. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Sent calls:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Tutorials\
{\listtext	\'95	}Workshops\
{\listtext	\'95	}Demonstrations\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Paypal\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Set up a paypal account linked to NIPS back account and tested as a method to pay people for their travel awards. \
{\listtext	\'95	}PayPal's fraud detection prevents us from being able to send money to travel awardees.  When it sees no money coming and an a burst of money flowing out, it locks the account. We will have to find another way.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mail merge\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}I wrote a standalone tool that allows Mary Ellen to send customized emails on a per-user bases using data in Excel spreadsheets. She is using it to communicate, e.g., with ICML Volunteers to notify them of their assigned tasks. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Registration Checkin\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Replaced the NIPS old checkin system with a new print-on-demand system that should gives us a 5 fold checkin speed at the registration desk.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The new system has the ability to work off a cached copy of registration data if the local, onsite network fails. \
{\listtext	\'95	}The new system can scale to any size meeting easily.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The new system eliminates the need for a volunteer to find a pre-printed badge alphabetically in a box.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Registration lookups with be by barcode, so a user can be checked-in quickly with no typing. \
{\listtext	\'95	}This system was written with ICML in mind. With a minimal effort, it could be adapted to work with any meeting. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Challenges with the checkin system:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Since I cannot be guaranteed that DNS will work onsite as well as it does here at Salk, I had to build my own router for use onsite that includes the following services: firewall, network address translation, dynamic DNS, port forwarding and static IP numbers for all printers and server that will be onsite. I have all of this running on a small computer that is about the size of two decks of cards. All checking hardware will operate behind this router.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I tested several printers before finding a model that had high print quality, high print speed, portability, unix compatibility, and wired ethernet. The chosen printer is thermal and has very few moving parts and no ink or ribbons. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The onsite checkin server (not the firewall) is a small portable computer. Generating a badge print is very processor intensive and under a simulated load of 10 volunteers printing badges at full speed, the server became the bottleneck. I modified the printing system to be multithreaded and now it keeps up, but all cores are fully busy. If the meeting gets too much larger, we will need a faster onsite badge server. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The cheapest barcode scanners are Android phones. I tested about 8 barcode scanning applications across 6 phone models and settled on an $80 android phone that supports wired ethernet. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}We plan on having 8 printers onsite and 16 phones.  Bryan and I spec'ed out a case that could be used to ship the printers to the meeting. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I got a quote from a local meeting event company for doing onsite checkin. Their price for 5K attendees in Barcelona was about $24,000 including flying a technician out to install the onsite database with us using our volunteers to staff the scanners. Our total cost, including my time to write the code is a one-time charge of $18,000 and nearly zero for subsequent years. This cost could be shared with ICML. \
}